one
a
of half a century the course in which we will show how to perform various
aspects
with maintenance standby mode not
for this we understand an open document and we are going to create a text
lie
we are using a rather thick typeface
and we focus it
what we are going to do is create a shadow by way of likewise both
for this we are going to publish
the single-engine a right on the layer the text duplicate layer
and in documents we select a new document
read or what
and we create a new document
let's go right button
fusion options we select a thrashing
and a color that uses fixed
let's adjust the size to be quite large
more or less
and create a new layer
one is that we have a new stage that has been given since two guys below
with the uppercase key we select the two layers and we go to
ap layer with mine layers little the key control
has created us in a new layer and without any fusion option
and what we're going to do now is go to filter
blur ocean blur
let's apply a high blur value
more or less read or kelly
this will depend on each photograph and on functional value of
blur let's get a halftone effect another
lie we have the edil defocus done now let's go to picture mode
grayscale
it eliminates the information of colors we call him we give him or what and we repeat the
steps image mode but we select bitmap that we could not before
we give him what he calls copla the layers
and it tells us kent out we want a resolution of 300 pixels per inch
and use a halftone plot we give it or what
and he is bitten by mali natura de 10
tortured lines from a 45 degree angle
with a round shape
depending on the values ​​that you enter is here and get is
different different effects you have to try different values
and babies that the points are getting ready hiding more like this
how to modify its size
we give him or kelly
and you see that we have created the halftone plot
now with the magic marita mint we select good first we passed
picture mode
grayscale yes no does not allow us to select
in size fata we give 1
and we created a selection on any part of the subway
more or less
let's make is similar chemistry xerez
and in the selection to all black dots
edition
copy
and minimizes mons
We are going to work on the text layer that we are working on
We were going to hit
we have pasted the halftone frame and we changed the layer the text the
we put up
and we change the color by double clicking
sciara we move it with the move tool you can see the effect of that myth
not that he created us
that can be quite interesting
we have done this, he answered but we could do it with any event
ccoo any effect with any shape
for example, we close
we give him
save changes
we are going to close the documents that we have open and create a new
document
let's give my pitchers with my pixels for example
one is that we have this new document created we are going to form we select form
customized
and we take a form for example from this
well we create the way we are going to center the
and the famous rastelli
so that we do not become this if we had a color does not convert us
this mode in this space work in grayscale
always the rejoinder mosson document new right button click layer
and new document
and we work on this one
to be able to do the conversion
picture mode
they are already grayscale
let's filter
ar for a hundred out of focus
ocean blur
let's not talk to anyone about any deal in this case
only the blur we give him or what
we return bitmap mode image
in output 300 halftone we give you though
by the way to Moscow the values ​​according to the effects in each case is to be tested
and you can see how the plot has created us is the mythomaniac that way
and good with this fetus you can get according to design sodemasa quite
It has interesting effects and good
stacy this tutorial I hope the state is old thank you for your attention and
until the next